[Laughs]
[Both scream]
Oh!
Sonic!
Bring her back!
[Laughs]
If you want her, come save her.
Huh?
[Grunts]
Help!
Hey, that's a brand-new
dress, fatty.
Amy!
You just hang on tight!
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
Sonic!
Here comes the ring!
Okay.
Got it!
Aah!
Huh? [Gasps]
Don't worry, Amy.
I got ya.
You're my hero.
Isn't this just beautiful?
I wish we could stay here
for days
and just listen to the wind.
Oh, wouldn't that be romantic?
Have you been listening?
Say what?
Huh?
[Grunts]
[Rattling]
Oh!
You men!
Hmph!
What's wrong?
[Grunts]
Oh!
You're impossible!
You never hear a thing I say!
Hey, Amy,
what's all the shouting about?
Your friend Sonic's acting
weirder than ever.
What do you mean,
he's acting weird?
He's off in his own
little world.
That's not weird, Amy.
That's Sonic.
He's worse than ever.
He hasn't listened to a word
I've said all day.
Well, maybe he's got something
on his mind.
I should've known
you wouldn't understand!
[Beeps]
Oh! Oh!
Aah!
[All gasp]
Oh!
Aah!
Aah! Oh!
He does seem stressed.
He thinks he's stressed?
Try being me.
That'd be horrible.
What did you say?
The only way to find out what's
really going on with Sonic
is to follow him
in the X Tornado.
Hmm.
I don't get it.
I can't stop my feet!
[Beeping]
Whoa! Whoa!
[Laughs]
Sorry!
Listen, punk,
your car may be cool,
but if you don't wear
seat belts, you're a fool.
Huh?
That was Sonic!
Thanks to him, you're not
getting a ticket today.
Now go get a haircut!
I got you now, Sonic.
[Siren wailing]
This is S-Team leader to Base.
In hot pursuit
of high-speed hedgehog
going south on Broad Street.
I can't stop!
There's Uncle Sam.
Looks like he's trying
to catch up with Sonic.
I'm gonna radio him.
Hey, Uncle Sam.
This is Chris.
When you're on this frequency,
it's S-Team leader, got it?
I can't chitchat right now.
I'm on a mission.
Sorry, but I need to talk to you
about Sonic.
If you're calling to ask me to
take it easy on him, forget it.
But he's acting really
strange today.
We're worried that there might
be something wrong with him.
There must be if he thinks
he can beat me.
[Laughs]
He acts weirder than Sonic.
I got him now.
What's going on?
All right.
Huh?
Out of gas?
That little hedgehog
may have outrun me this time.
But there's always next time.
I'll get him.
Hmm.
Hmm? Oh.
Oops.
[Horn blares]
I hope there's light
at the end of this thing.
There he is.
He's heading for the desert.
I wonder why he's going there.
Still running.
Oh!
Now he's speeding up again.
But why?
Oh!
Maybe something happened
to Sonic
when he was battling that robot.
That could be why he's acting
this way.
What could it be?
I don't know.
Let's go talk to my grandpa.
He might be able to figure out
what's wrong.
I hope so.
Because if something's wrong
with Sonic,
it's because he saved me.
Please be okay, Sonic.
Doctor, here is something
I think you will enjoy.
[Laughs]
Well, well.
Looks like Sonic's working up
quite a sweat.
Perhaps you might want to do
the same, Doctor.
You have been getting a bit
round around the waist lately.
What?
Cut the wisecracks or I'll waste
you, you impudent ash can!
Sonic must be up to something.
But what could it be?
He doesn't stop, Grandpa.
He just keeps on running.
We just have to figure out
what's wrong with him.
The only way to do that
is to examine him.
But first we have to catch him.
And that's not going to be easy.
Hmm.
I think I may know a way.
[Gasps]
What's wrong, Sonic?
Where are you?
Almost there!
Where am I going, anyway?
[Snoring]
With the help of Tails,
I have devised a plan
that I believe will work.
It's actually quite simple.
Step one, we locate Sonic
from the X Tornado.
Step two, we launch a specially
designed bubble bomb
which will hold him securely
and lift him off the ground.
And once Sonic is off his feet,
we can discover what's been
causing him to run amok.
[Cheering]
I've got company.
Target spotted, Chuck.
CHUCK: Roger. Stay alert.
Don't let him out of your sight.
I'll stay on him.
Get ready.
Fire!
Hey!
[Grunts]
Oh!
It really worked.
Oh! Oh!
Look, guys!
I'm flying!
[Laughs]
Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
Hey!
Get me down!
I'm floating away!
Perhaps I used too much helium.
Whoa!
Help me!
Somebody get this thing
off of me!
Whoa! Oh!
What now?
Hey!
Knuckles!
Help me!
Aah! Aah!
Aah! Ooh! Oh!
Huh?
What the...
Now what do we do?
Do you think he'll come back?
It's all my fault.
Just too much helium.
- Huh?
Well, Sonic just tried to
run me over.
Great!
Did you stop him?
He missed me.
[Chuckles]
Well, I'm not gonna miss ya.
What's the big deal?
All I did was step aside.
It isn't his fault, Amy.
Chao!
Cheese is right.
I bet you come up with
a new way to help Sonic
after you have a nice hot lunch.
I bet poor Sonic must be
starving by now.
I'm sure he's fine, Amy.
[Gulps]
Whoa!
That game looks like
a lot of fun, Tails.
That's it!
Knuckles will wait
at the top of a hill
with a specially engineered
wheel trap.
As Sonic approaches,
we'll give the signal,
and Knuckles will roll the wheel
down the hill, trapping Sonic.
He'll be like a hamster
in a cage.
[Cheering]
Huh?
All right, Tanaka.
He's almost in position.
Right.
Roll it!
[Laughs]
Hey, Grandpa, it works.
Of course it does.
I thought you might be hungry
after all this running.
Pretty tasty.
[Yawns]
He looks like
he's falling asleep.
That's good.
If he falls asleep,
he'll have to stop running.
Maybe I can help, Sonic.
Want me to read you
a bedtime story?
No, thank you, Amy.
That looks like fun.
Exercising, I mean.
I'm going to start.
- BOTH: You should.
- Tomorrow.
TOGETHER: Oh, Dr. Eggman,
tomorrow never comes!
Looks like Sonic's nap
isn't slowing him down at all.
He's going even faster.
I've never seen anything
like it.
His energy
is positively boundless.
Sonic has more power
than my food processor.
Sonic, that wheel wasn't built
to withstand this intensity!
Knuckles, look out!
[All gasp]
Run!
Well, that was a washout.
So far your plans
haven't worked, have they?
Not quite, but I'm confident
that if we just keep trying,
we'll eventually come up
with a plan that will work.
[Grunts]
Hmm.
I've got it!
In fact, it's the best plan
I've had all day.
We just need a little help
from a friend.
Mm-hmm.
Sonic is running himself ragged.
He must feel as worn out
as an old sneaker.
This would be a perfect time
to launch a sneak attack
against him.
- Ready?
- BOTH: Aye, aye!
I'll destroy him
right after my nap.
Please, Doctor!
Now is not the time
for snoozing!
Right on time.
I would have been here sooner,
but I stopped for donuts.
I appreciate you coming
to help us out, Sam.
You can always count on
the Speed King
to put the rubber to the road
when a friend needs help.
Well, then, let me bring you
up to date on our plan.
Now, we all know Sonic
has quite a competitive streak,
just like you do, Sam.
It's Speed King, Chuck.
Sorry, Speed King.
The plan is to have
Speed King challenge Sonic
to a test of speed.
But unbeknownst to Sonic,
a trap will be set
at the end of the finish line.
Speed King will get on
Sonic's right side in lane 2.
Sonic will be forced to race
in lane 1 beside him,
and that will lead him
straight into our trap.
Then Sonic will be
out of the running!
Now, let's get ready for
the race, shall we?
ALL:
Yeah!
Stand by.
He's almost there.
Roger.
I'm ready.
Go!
Whoa!
What's the matter, slowpoke?
Can't you do better than that?
This isn't a real race!
You're supposed to be a decoy!
Guess again, sweetheart!
He beat me once.
It's not gonna happen twice.
Oh!
Oh, yeah?
They're getting close
to the finish.
Remember, Speed King,
whatever you do,
keep Sonic in the right lane.
Right lane?
I thought I'm in the right lane!
That's right.
Just stay in lane 2.
Remember, you're number 2.
Number 2.
Not me, sister!
I'm number 1!
[Laughs]
That didn't work out too well.
Hey, Chuck, I'm picking up
something weird on my scopes.
Do you see it down there, too?
Yes, I've noticed it myself,
Tails.
I recorded the wave patterns.
Maybe you can analyze it
and figure out what it is.
From what I can gather,
it's some kind of strange
magnetic force field.
It appears to be emanating
from that ranch up ahead.
Ready up there, Tails?
I'm ready when you are.
Okay, Tails, keep it
as steady as you can.
[Screams]
Amy!
Sonic!
Sonic, I was so worried.
Now what's the matter?
Something's in my ear again.
Yeah, that feels much better!
Thanks!